Coach Valverde to leave champions Olympiakos |||April 19, 2012, 7:07 pm|||Ernesto Valverde is stepping down as coach of Greek champions Olympiakos Pireaus, he said on Thursday.  The Spaniard led the club to their 39th league title this season in his second spell in charge.  "I do not want to dwell too much or become emotional, it's a very difficult day for me," said Valverde whose two-year contract runs out at the end of the season.  "The reasons for my decision are personal. I have completed three years in total with Olympiakos which is a demanding club as the fans always call for victory," Valverde told a news conference.  "In 2008 when I first came to Olympiakos I had no idea what I was getting into. I was surprised with what I saw and was unsure if I had made the right decision. Now I know it was definitely the right decision and I want you to all know that."  Valverde was at the helm when Olympiakos won the title in 2009 and the Basque technician also won the Greek Cup to complete a domestic double in his debut season before a short stint with Villarreal.  He returned to Olympiakos in 2010 to replace Ewald Lienen, helping the club win their 38th league title.  Greek media reports have touted Valencia coach Unai Emery Etxegoien as the prime candidate wanted by Olympiakos owner Vangelis Marinakis to succeed Valverde.
RESULTS: Monte Carlo Masters|||April 19, 2012, 7:09 pm|||Results on Thursday at the 2.75-million-euro Monte Carlo Masters (x indicates new results): Third round: Novak Djokovic, 1, Serbia, def Alexandr Dolgopolov, 16, Ukraine, 2-6, 6-1, 6-4 Rafael Nadal, 2, Spain, def Mikhail Kukushkin, Kazakhstan, 6-1, 6-1 Andy Murray, 3, Britain, def Julien Benneteau, France, 6-5, retired, ankle injury Jo-Wilfrid Tsonga, 4, France, def Fernando Verdasco, 13, Spain, 7-6 (9-7), 6-2 Tomas Berdych, 6, Czech Republic, def Kei Nishikori, 12, Japan, 2-6, 6-2, 6-4 Gilles Simon, 9, France, def Janko Tipsarevic, 7, Serbia, 6-0, 4-6, 6-1 Robin Haase, Netherlands, def Thomaz Bellucci, Brazil, 6-2, 6-3 x Stanislas Wawrinka, Switzerland, def Nicolas Almagro, 8, Spain, 6-3, 6-3
Battle resumes in Serie A after tragic week|||April 19, 2012, 7:12 pm|||Udinese striker Antonio Di Natale was hit harder than most by the death of Piermario Morosini last week but returns to action as his side travel to face Chievo on Saturday hoping to boost their Champions League prospects.  The Italy international was extremely close with his former team mate, who suffered a heart attack and died during Livorno's Serie B clash at Pescara last weekend, and has been the spearhead behind "Udinese per la vita", a fund to provide a life-long pension for Morosini's severely disabled sister.  Morosini's funeral took place in his home town of Bergamo on Thursday and when his body arrived at the church on Tuesday evening hundreds of fans from local club Atalanta greeted the hearse with banners and flags, as well as a long applause.  "Mario was like a brother to me," Di Natale said on Monday. "He was a great guy who suffered a lot, and lived for his sister (Maria Clara)."  All Serie A games were postponed last weekend as a mark of respect for Morosini and as action resumes Di Natale suggested the season is too gruelling, saying he considered retiring last season due to his inability to recover properly after matches.  "We need to avoid playing matches to close together... I've been saying it for a long time, and have spoken about it often with our club doctors," he said.  "I keep saying this to doctors and coaches... our health has to be safeguarded."  While fourth-placed Udinese travel to Verona to face Chievo, third-placed Lazio take on an in-form Lecce at the Stadio Olimpico on Sunday (1400 GMT).  Both clubs have been heavily implicated in the recent "calcioscommesse" match-fixing scandal, and last week Cremonese defender Carlo Gervasoni claimed that 400,000 euros was spent to "manipulate" last season's match between the two clubs in Puglia, naming Lazio's Stefano Mauri as a key figure in the fix.  The weekend's big game takes place in Torino on Sunday (1945 GMT), where fifth-placed Roma take on table-topping Juventus, hoping to put the brakes on their old rivals' title charge and close the four-point gap between them and city rivals Lazio.  Juventus lead AC Milan by a point at the top of Serie A, but with Massimiliano Allegri's side favourites to beat mid-table Bologna at the San Siro earlier that day (1400 GMT), Juve could find themselves two points behind at kickoff.  "I think it will be a difficult match, like the ones against Milan and Udinese. It's about the three points, like all the others," said Roma midfielder Marquinho.  Hot on Roma's heels are Inter Milan and Napoli, both on 48 points, with Inter travelling to relegation-threatened Fiorentina and Napoli hosting Novara, who look certain to go down.
Di Matteo seems a perfect match for rejuvenated Chelsea |||April 19, 2012, 7:50 pm|||Chelsea's transformation from a team seemingly heading nowhere to one that is just 90 minutes away from the Champions League final means interim coach Roberto Di Matteo has emerged as the clear favourite to be handed the job permanently.  The 42-year-old's astute tactics, mixed with plenty of luck and some resolute defending, secured a 1-0 win over reigning European champions Barcelona at Stamford Bridge in the first leg of their semi-final on Wednesday.  Despite Barca enjoying 72 percent possession and 19 attempts on goal, Chelsea's victory, coupled with their 5-1 thrashing of London rivals Tottenham Hotspur in the FA Cup semi-final on Sunday, have put Di Matteo's men within sight of two trophies.  Six weeks ago, under former coach Andre Villas-Boas, the only thing that looked like arriving at Stamford Bridge in May was a new broom to sweep away what the sacked Portuguese boss had regarded as dead wood.  Di Matteo took over on an interim basis on March 4 and immediately set about restoring confidence and self-belief, especially to some of the senior players who had publicly criticised Villas-Boas following a poor run of results.  The likes of Frank Lampard, 33, Didier Drogba, 34, captain John Terry, 31, Ashley Cole, 31, and out-of-form striker Fernando Torres all looked spent, with the former especially seemingly peripheral to Villas-Boas's long-term plans.  However, former Chelsea midfielder Di Matteo offered a different approach.  He installed Lampard back in midfield, enthused Torres with a new-found belief which has seen him start scoring again, and restored a team spirit that had all but dissipated under Villas-Boas.  After Wednesday's win, which came courtesy of a Drogba goal just before halftime, Di Matteo said: "In the past, a lot of people have had the opinion that our boys were over the line and too old to play at this level.  "It was not just Didier, but a lot of players in our squad, that they said couldn't play two games in such a short period of time. They gave their answer on the pitch."    HUGE GAMBLE  Since he took over, Chelsea have won 10, drawn two and lost just once in 13 matches but Di Matteo refuses to be drawn on his prospects of taking the job permanently.  Many experts predict that Barcelona will recover and reach the final in Munich next month, but even if they do, Chelsea's billionaire Russian owner Roman Abramovich would be taking a huge gamble in replacing Di Matteo at the end of the season.  While it has been widely reported that Abramovich wants Barcelona's manager Pep Guardiola to coach his side or some other "big name", the Russian may have the answer to his dreams of winning the Champions League already in place.  That may happen this season but under Di Matteo, Chelsea are showing glimpses of the heights they touched when Jose Mourinho was manager and which brought them successive Premier League titles in 2005 and 2006.  In many ways, Di Matteo does seem a perfect fit for Chelsea.  Clearly respected by his players, he made 175 appearances and scored 26 goals for the club before his career ended prematurely at 31 when he suffered a triple leg fracture in a UEFA Cup tie against St Gallen of Switzerland in 2000.  He went on to manage at Milton Keynes Dons and West Bromwich Albion before Villas-Boas brought him back to Chelsea at the start of his brief managerial reign last summer.  As far as Chelsea are concerned, that might have been the best piece of business Villas-Boas ever did for the club and even if Barcelona recover from Wednesday's defeat and win the tie, there is no doubt Di Matteo has restored the club's pride.  London bookmakers William Hill have installed him as the 7/4 favourite for the job, ahead of Rafael Benitez (9/4), Mourinho (11/4) and Guardiola (8/1).  On Tuesday, Guardiola dismissed speculation linking him to the Chelsea job as "a fantasy". Right now, that is exactly what Di Matteo has brought back to the Bridge.
Ricco banned 12 years for blood doping|||April 19, 2012, 10:54 pm|||Italian cyclist Riccardo Ricco was handed a 12-year ban on Thursday by the Italian anti-doping agency, effectively confirming the end of his career. The agency of Italy's National Olympic Committee CONI said Ricco, who had nearly died after a blood transfusion which went wrong, was guilty of blood doping. The 28-year-old climbing specialist had denied blood doping in connection with the February 2011 transfusion, saying he had followed medical advice. Ricco was dismissed by his Dutch Vacansoleil-DCM-Team after the incident and said later he was giving up professional cycling. He had previously served a 20-month ban after failing a test for the blood-booster CERA after winning two mountain stages at the 2008 Tour de France.
Frenchman Benneteau breaks elbow in on-court fall|||April 19, 2012, 10:59 pm|||Frenchman Julien Benneteau will be out until at least mid-summer after breaking his elbow in a fall during a match which he had to quit on Thursday at the Monte Carlo Masters. The number 31 went down hard in a 6-5 loss to Andy Murray late in their first set, falling on his ankle, hurting his wrist and - it was later determined at hospital - breaking his right elbow. Benneteau, playing a Monte Carlo third round for the first time in his career, took his tumble while moving laterally for a return. He had tried to continue after treatment and a strapping on his ankle but quickly gave up the idea. He luckily walked off court before trying to serve, which could have done his elbow even more damage. Benneteau appeared later with his arm in a sling. While ankle sprains and other muscular problems are common at the ATP level, a broken bone is a rarity, with Benneteau the victim of particularly bad luck as he hit the clay with the right side of his body.
Pizarro transfer to Bayern finalized|||April 19, 2012, 11:10 pm|||A Munich newspaper reported Thursday that Claudio Pizarro's move from Werder Bremen to Bayern Munich has been finalized.    The Münchner Merkur said that the 33-year-old was already looking for accommodation in the Bavarian capital.    It would be the second time that the Peruvian international joins Bayern Munich from Werder Bremen, having already played for Bayern between 2001 and 2007, winning the World Club Cup title, as well as three German league championships and cup competitions.    Pizarro has refused to confirm the report, telling journalists after Bremen's training on Thursday: "I will not say anything about that."    Munich has been mulling over Pizarro's return for a few months. He could be an alternative for Germany striker Mario Gomez, pushing Ivica Olic, who is considering moving to VfL Wolfsburg, down in the pecking order.    Pizarro, who is the top foreign goalscorer in the German Bundesliga with 158 goals in 330 matches, gave notice on his contract at the end of March and can leave Bremen on a free clearance at the end of this season.    "We are trying to get this matter settled as soon as possible. We have made Pizarro a very good offer," Bremen manager Klaus Allofs said.
Meyer says respects Fourie's decision on unavailability |||April 19, 2012, 11:56 pm|||South Africa coach Heyneke Meyer said on Thursday that he understood star centre Jaque Fourie's reasons for making himself unavailable for the Springboks this year.  The 29-year-old Fourie, who has been capped 69 times for South Africa since 2003, announced on Wednesday that he was unavailable for the Springboks while he completes the second year of his contract with Japanese club Kobelco Steelers.  "I respect Jaque's thoughts in not making himself available but it's a pity because he's close to being the best outside centre in the world and he was definitely an integral part of my plans," Meyer told reporters in Pretoria.  "But it's very important that the players I choose are focused on the South African cause and want to play for the Springboks. If there's pressure from their overseas clubs, then I understand," Meyer told reporters in Pretoria on Thursday.  The new Springboks coach said the door was not closed to Fourie to make a return ahead of the 2015 World Cup.  "I'd like to speak again with Jaque in two years time, because we'll be going into our World Cup plans and I hope he can still be there then," he said.  Meyer, who had just completed the first of three planning camps with potential Springbok players, drawn from the Cheetahs and the Lions, said there was plenty of talent at his disposal to replace senior players who were not available.  "The absence of players like Jaque is great for the youngsters and even the more experienced guys," he said.  "I've told the players that even if they're 29 and haven't yet played for the Springboks, that they still have a chance of being chosen."  "There were one or two players at this camp that I haven't worked with before and I can see that they are great players. There's enough depth in South African rugby," Meyer added.  "I've had one-on-ones with every player and they know where they stand and I now understand their roles in their franchises and why they do certain things. I have much more insight into them, which is great, and they know exactly what I want."  Former Blue Bulls and Leicester coach Meyer said he had concerns over the number of injuries to experienced Springboks who were potential successors to retired captain John Smit.  "There've been a lot of injuries - guys like Schalk Burger, Juan Smith and Jean de Villiers are all out of action - while there's been speculation about Victor Matfield playing again.  "I'll announce the captain the week before the first England test and he'll be captain only for those three tests."  Meyer announced a list of 45 players from the Bulls and Sharks, who both have SuperRugby byes next week, to attend the second planning camp in Pretoria from Sunday to next Thursday.  (Editing by Martyn Herman)
Arsenal midfielder Arteta out for the season - reports|||April 20, 2012, 12:07 am|||Mikel Arteta will miss the rest of Arsenal's season with an ankle ligament injury, British media reported on Thursday.  The Spanish midfielder, who has played an influential role in Arsenal's improved form in recent weeks, hurt his ankle while attempting a cross in the early stages of Monday's 2-1 defeat to Wigan Athletic at the Emirates Stadium.  Arteta received treatment off the pitch - during which time Wigan scored their second goal - but he could not continue. Scans showed the ankle was not broken but the ligament damage was bad enough to keep him out for Arsenal's final four Premier League matches.  Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, whose side face Chelsea at home in the league on Saturday, now has a gap to fill in midfield as he is without long-term absentee Jack Wilshere and Abou Diaby, who is not match fit.  Yossi Benayoun, on loan from Chelsea, is ineligible to play against his parent club.  Arsenal are third, five points ahead of their arch-rivals Tottenham Hotspur who have a game in hand.  After facing Chelsea this weekend, Arsenal go to Stoke City, then play Norwich City at home before ending their campaign at West Bromwich Albion.
Kahn impressed by Dortmund's appetite for victory |||April 20, 2012, 12:18 am|||Few players showed greater aggression and hunger for victory than Oliver Kahn, yet even the former Germany and Bayern Munich goalkeeper is impressed by Borussia Dortmund's will to win.  Dortmund, eight points clear of Bayern at the top of the Bundesliga, can wrap up their second successive league title on Saturday with two games to spare with a home win against fourth-placed Borussia Moenchengladbach (1630).  Kahn was particularly impressed by the way Dortmund defender Never Subotic ran up behind Arjen Robben and shouted at him after the Bayern's Dutch winger missed a late penalty in last week's match between the two sides, which Dortmund won 1-0.  "That is exactly the kind of mentality you need, it expresses the unlimited will to win," Kahn told Sport Bild magazine in an interview. "It says: 'I want to win the title at any price.'  "What is striking for me is the hunger for success and the huge identification that (coach) Juergen Klopp and the team have with the club," Kahn added.  The 42-year-old also tipped Dortmund to beat Bayern for a fifth time in a row when the two meet again in the German Cup final at the end of the season.  "I have my doubts whether the Bayern players can deal with that defeat positively, and that they may lose a fifth game in a row," he said.  Kahn was involved in a number of memorable matches against Dortmund during his playing days, and the sight of the yellow and black team seemed to bring out the most aggressive in him.  The low point came when he aimed a flying kick at Dortmund forward Stephane Chapusiat, bit Heiko Herrlich on the neck and pulled Andreas Moeller's ear during an action-packed match in 1999.  Kahn added that Dortmund's presence could benefit Bayern in the long term.  "Competition means that you are always being asked questions and that you will never be allowed to get sluggish or lazy," he said.  For the second season running, Dortmund's young team, orchestrated by their charismatic coach Juergen Klopp, have taken the Bundesliga by storm with their intense, non-stop, physical game.  The general consensus is that they have wanted the title more than arch-rivals Bavarians, whose eyes are fixed on the Champions League and the possibility of playing in the final in their own Allianz Arena stadium.  Dortmund, who looked upon the Champions League as a chance to gain international experience, finished bottom of their group, leaving them to concentrate on domestic football.  The 44-year-old is known for his exuberant celebrations and Germany is already braced for his performance on Saturday if, as expected, they wrap up the title.  Dortmund, who are playing in the evening game, may even have clinched the title before kickoff if Bayern fail to win their match away to Werder Bremen (1330).  That match falls in between the two legs of their Champions League semi-final against Real Madrid, with Bayern having won the first leg 2-1 at home last Tuesday.  At the other end, hapless Kaiserslautern (20 points) will be relegated if they fail to beat Hertha Berlin (28) in a clash of the two bottom sides (Saturday 1330), or if Cologne pick up a point at home to VfB Stuttgart (Saturday 1330).  Four points adrift of 15th-placed Augsburg, Cologne will be happy to settle for 16th place, which would lead them into to a two-leg playoff against a team from the second division.
Hamilton posts fastest time in free practice for Bahrain Grand Prix|||April 20, 2012, 10:10 am|||World championship leader Lewis Hamilton on Friday posted the fastest time in the first free practice for Sunday's Bahrain Grand Prix.    Hamilton, who has a two point lead from his team-mate Jenson Button, managed a time of one minute 33.572 seconds for the 5.412 kilometre-long lap, beating world champion Sebastian Vettel by 0.305 seconds.    Force India's Paul di Resta had the third fastest time.    Mercedes' Nico Rosberg, who won the last race in China, had the fourth-fastest time.    A second free practice session will be held later Friday, with qualifying on Saturday and the race on Sunday.
Clippers silence Thunder to end playoff drought |||April 20, 2012, 10:13 am|||The streaking Los Angeles Clippers knocked Oklahoma City out of first place in the West with a forceful 92-77 victory on Monday that earned the hosts a first playoff berth in six years.  Nick Young led a balanced attack with 19 points off the bench, Blake Griffin added 17 and 11 rebounds and the Clippers overwhelmed the visiting Thunder in the second half to reach the post-season for the first time since the 2005-06 campaign.  ?"It feels great, especially to do it against one of the top teams in the league," Young told reporters. "?I was too excited (after the game). I ran to the back and was slapping hands with everyone."  Winners in 12 of their last 14 games, the Clippers (38-23) also have a shot at their first ever division title, trailing the Lakers by a game in the Pacific Division, and for third in the West.  The Thunder (44-17), meanwhile, slipped percentage points behind San Antonio in their see-saw tussle for the top seed in the conference.  Kevin Durant had a team-high 24 points for Oklahoma City, who built a nine-point halftime lead before being outscored 49-25 in the second half.  It was their second defeat at the hands of the Clippers in less than a week following a two-point loss last Wednesday.  In the latest showdown, Los Angeles scored the game's first basket and did not lead again until the fourth quarter, and as the Clippers warmed up to pull away, the Thunder suddenly went cold and shot just 37 percent on the night.  All-Star Russell Westbrook had a particularly off game and finished with just nine points.  Chris Paul tallied 12 and 10 assists. His arrival to the Clippers through an off-season trade, combined with the team's other roster moves, signaled new promise for a franchise that has endured too many losing seasons.  ?"It means a lot for us (to make the playoffs) but we can't be complacent, we have to keep pushing forward and want more," Griffin said. "?We still have a lot of work to do."
test|||May 1, 2012, 11:01 am|||<script>alert('hi');</script>
Knicks' Chandler named Defensive Player of the Year|||May 2, 2012, 9:47 pm|||New York Knicks center Tyson Chandler was named the NBA's Defensive Player of the Year on Wednesday, the first player from the storied franchise to win the award.  Chandler received 311 points, including 45 first-place votes, to beat out Oklahoma City Thunder swingman Serge Ibaka, who finished second with 294 points.  Orlando Magic center Dwight Howard, who had won the award each of the previous three seasons, finished third with 186 points.  With the 7-foot-1 (2.16m), 240-pound (108.9kg) Chandler patrolling the paint, the Knicks ranked second in opponent turnovers per game (17.0), 10th in opponent field goal percentage (.442), and 11th in opponent scoring (94.7).  "To me, it's a team thing," Chandler told a news conference. "I'm here to accept this as an individual but it's definitely a team award."  Chandler, an 11-year NBA veteran who played last season with the champion Dallas Mavericks, averaged 11.3 points and 9.9 rebounds this season.  The award was chosen by a panel of 121 sportswriters and broadcasters in the United States and Canada.
Patriots lineman Light retires after 11 NFL seasons|||May 7, 2012, 8:25 pm|||New England Patriots left tackle Matt Light, one of only five players to start in five Super Bowls, officially retired on Monday during a ceremony in Foxborough, Massachusetts.  The retirement of the 33-year-old Light left New England quarterback Tom Brady as the only current Patriot to have been on the team's roster for each of their three Super Bowl wins and five trips in all to the title game since the 2001 season.  Light, who played 11 NFL seasons, said he wanted to leave the game in good health and spend more time with his children.  &quot;On the field, (Light) was a tenacious competitor who had one of the toughest jobs,&quot; Patriots owner Robert Kraft said at the ceremony. &quot;Every week he's (been) going up against the greatest athlete on the defensive (line) who was coming after our quarterback's blindside.&quot;  Light, a three-time Pro Bowler chosen by the Patriots in the second round of the 2001 NFL draft out of Purdue, played his entire NFL career with New England.
Serena sails through, Venus crashes out |||May 7, 2012, 8:26 pm|||Serena Williams marked her first European appearance of the season with victory on the Madrid Open's striking blue clay courts on Monday, but her sister Venus crashed out in the second round.  Holder Petra Kvitova also started well as the third seed defeated New Zealander Marina Erakovic 6-2 6-3.  Towering Czech Kvitova beat Victoria Azarenka in the final last year before going on to win the Wimbledon title.  The only seeded player to fall was number 15 Jelena Jankovic who went out to Spanish wildcard Carla Suarez 4-6 7-6 6-4 in the first round.  Serena Williams, who reached the third round the last time she played in Madrid in 2010, powered past last week's Budapest Grand Prix runner-up Elena Vesnina of Russia 6-3 6-1.  The ninth seed delivered some powerful serves, hitting 14 aces to set up a meeting with another Russian, Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova, in the next round.  &quot;I was feeling good,&quot; Williams told reporters. &quot;It's my first tournament in Europe this year and I just hope I can keep up the good form,&quot; added the American who has yet to lose in eight clay outings this season.  &quot;I haven't noticed a difference between the blue and the red clay. I think it's the same, it's just you don't get as dirty,&quot; added Williams.  Venus entered Madrid on a wildcard as she started her third tournament after seven months out suffering with Sjogren's Syndrome, an auto-immune disease which causes fatigue and joint soreness.  The former world number one struggled past Romania's Simona Halep in three sets on Saturday, but crumpled against stronger opposition on Monday falling 6-4 6-1 to 12th seed Angelique Kerber of Germany.  Kerber, 24, is in the midst of her breakout season with both her career title coming in 2012  China's Li Na, the eighth seed, joined Kerber in the last 16 with a straightforward victory over Spanish wildcard Silvia Soler-Espinosa 6-3 6-1.  Czech qualifier Andrea Hlavackova and compatriot Lucie Hradecka, Italian Sara Errani, Russia's Ekaterina Makarova, and Estonia's Kaia Kanepi also made it through to the second round.
